The current login method is insecure: a user will broadcast the same signature each time which can be intercepted.  New method:
1. Client sends POST to endpoint 1, server returns a random string encrypted with client's public key.
  The server will need to save the random string. Could this be saved in the session?
2. Client decrypts random string, signs it and POSTS signature to endpoint 2
3. Server verifies that signature matches the random string and the client is logged in

For message sending:
1. Client encrypts message body with recipient's public key (retrieved from server)
2. Client encrypts entire message with server's public key
3. Client sends encrypted message to server
4. Server decrypts message with its private key
5. Recipient downloads message from server and decrypts body with their private key

Can you remove the need for a login phase? Answer: Yes.
Clients would need to prove that they are the actual sender
They can sign the message with their private key
Signing raw JSON is buggy due to line endings, spaces around brackets, commas etc
Have them sign the SHA256 hash of the string formed from the concatenation of sender, recipient and (encrypted) body
This sig can be included in the message
  {'sender': 'alice', 'recipient': 'bob', 'body': 'hi', 'sig':'2208721346775815537...'}
Then the server recieves the message, decrypts it and verifies that the sig matches the contents (using the sender's public key)
It then knows that the message was sent from the real sender


How PGP handles the large plaintext problem:
Encrypt plaintext with a symmetric algorithm (AES or similar). Use a randomly generated one time key. Encrypt the key with the recipient's public key. Send the encrypted plaintext along with the encrypted key.

We will need to do this twice:
1. Encrypt message body w/ key encrypted with recipient's public key
2. Encypt entire payload with key encrypted with server's public key


So the entire process will be:
1. Generate key A 
2. Symmetrically encrypt body with key A
3. Duplicate key A -> key A2
4. Encrypt key A with recipient public key
5. Encrypt key A2 with sender public key
6. Sign hash(sender+recipient+(encrypted)body) with client private key
7. Generate key B
8. Symmetrically encrypt whole payload (sender, recipient, encrypted body, signature, key A, key A2) with key B
9. Encrypt key B with server's public key
10. Send { key: [B], 
          payload: [{
              sender: sender, 
              recipient, recipient, 
              body: [body], 
              signature: signature, 
              key: [A],
              sender_key: [A2]
          }]
        } 
  (where [] implies encryption)

The server process will be:
1. Decrypt key B with server private key
2. Decrypt payload with key B
3. Verify signature with sender's public keyA
4. Save {sender, recipient, body, keyA, keyA2} in database 

In the future, I'd like to have message authentication (i.e. determining that a message from Alice actually came from Alice) happen clientside, so the server has no knowledge of who is is sending messages to whom.

Also, we can duplicate key A and encrypt the duplicate with the sender's public key so she can read the messages she has sent
